Drifting Further From Me by Tom Valentine.
There is something wrong between us.
I'm about to lose my Venus.
Each day we are drifting further apart.
When my loving word don't warm you and my rabbit foot don't charm you, there's signs some niggers fooling with your heart.
You are drifting further from me, baby.
You're some other nigga's lady.
That's the reason why you keep throwing me off this way.
Some other coon, he's got a little more money.
Spends it all on you, my honey.
You're drifting further from me every day.
I never did abuse you, honey, and I never did refuse you.
I don't think it's no lady acting you keep throwing the office away.
I ain't no fortune teller.
But I believe you got another fella for you.
You are drifting further from me every day.
You are drifting further from me, baby.
You some other nigger's lady.
That's the reason why you keep throwing the office away.
Some other coon got a little more money.
spends it all on you, my honey, as if in favor from me every day.
I called to see you Sunday, and so did I on Monday.
Tuesday night and Wednesday night,
wasn't at home.
I could not see you Thursday.
I wonder why you'll be Friday night and Saturday night, too, when I come.
See, she's gone all the way, drifting further from me, baby.
You some other nigger lady.
That's the reason why you keep throwing me all this away.
Some other coon has got a little more money.
Spends it all on you, my honey.
You're getting further from me every day.